26.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'Hello'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
27.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'World'? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
20.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'a cat'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
21.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'a dog'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
8.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '12'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
9.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '5'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
32.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '3'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
33.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '2'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
22.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '12'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
23.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '5'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
24.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '0'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
25.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '1'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
10.png	Is a c++ code shown in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
11.png	Is a python code shown in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
34.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '1234'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
35.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '12345'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
6.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '36'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
7.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '6'? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
38.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '1'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
39.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '5'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
30.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '0'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
31.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '1'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
18.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'working hard'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
19.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'playing hard'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
4.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'a cat'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
5.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'a dog'? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
2.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '7'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
3.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '1'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
12.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '11'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
13.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '9'? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
28.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'x is smaller than 10'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
29.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'x is larger than 10'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
16.png	The image shows a python code. Will the number 3 appear in the output of the code? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
17.png	The image shows a python code. Will the number 6 appear in the output of the code? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
36.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '11'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
37.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code '12'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
14.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'the list has more than 2 numbers'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
15.png	The image shows a python code. Is the output of the code 'the list has less than 2 numbers'? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
0.png	Is a python code shown in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
1.png	Is a c++ code shown in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
