186.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
187.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of glassware? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
242.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
243.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of sculpture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
62.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
63.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of sculpture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
162.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
163.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of glassware? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
176.png	Is this artwork displayed in fogg art museum, harvard university, cambridge? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
177.png	Is this artwork displayed in museo civico, pistoia? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
224.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of portrait? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
225.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of genre? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
364.png	Is this artwork created by antoniazzo romano? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
365.png	Is this artwork created by gentile da fabriano? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
50.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
51.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of tapestry? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
54.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
55.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of study? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
160.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of sculpture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
161.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of graphics? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
210.png	Is this artwork created by donatello? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
211.png	Is this artwork created by zichy, mihály? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
114.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
115.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of historical? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
240.png	Is this artwork created by duccio di buoninsegna? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
241.png	Is this artwork created by giani, felice? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
166.png	Is this artwork titled temptation on the mountain (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
167.png	Is this artwork titled in the forest of fontainebleau? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
394.png	Is this artwork titled hand study with bible? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
395.png	Is this artwork titled self-portrait aged 78? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
258.png	Is this artwork created by dürer, albrecht? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
259.png	Is this artwork created by koekkoek, barend cornelis? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
334.png	Is this artwork created by eberlein, gustav heinrich? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
335.png	Is this artwork created by gillemans, jan pauwel the younger? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
222.png	Is this artwork displayed in stedelijk museum de lakenhal, leiden? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
223.png	Is this artwork displayed in palazzo ducale, mantua? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
68.png	Is this artwork displayed in cannon hall museum, barnsley? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
69.png	Is this artwork displayed in protestant parish church, gelnhausen? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
400.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
401.png	Is this artwork displayed in musée national gustave-moreau, paris? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
200.png	Is this artwork titled ruth and boaz? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
201.png	Is this artwork titled view of dresden from the right bank of the elbe with the augustus bridge? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
124.png	Is this artwork titled italianate landscape with figures by classical ruins? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
125.png	Is this artwork titled two boys singing? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
76.png	Is this artwork titled nobility? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
77.png	Is this artwork titled aretino in the studio of tintoretto? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
44.png	Is this artwork titled doge ziani receiving the benediction of pope alexander iii? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
45.png	Is this artwork titled the adoration of the shepherds? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
52.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of architecture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
53.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
388.png	Is this artwork displayed in pinacoteca nazionale, siena? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
389.png	Is this artwork displayed in british embassy, paris? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
246.png	Is this artwork titled noli me tangere? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
247.png	Is this artwork titled profile study of a bearded man? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
58.png	Is this artwork created by frangipane, niccolò? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
59.png	Is this artwork created by drevet, pierre? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
64.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
65.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
310.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
311.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of mosaic? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
174.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
175.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
40.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
41.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of historical? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
206.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of portrait? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
207.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of study? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
350.png	Is this artwork created by giordano, luca? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
351.png	Is this artwork created by heyerdahl, hans olaf? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
256.png	Is this artwork displayed in palazzo medici riccardi, florence? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
257.png	Is this artwork displayed in abbey church of sainte-foy, conques (aveyron)? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
298.png	Is this artwork created by giorgione? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
299.png	Is this artwork created by marilhat, prosper? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
396.png	Is this artwork displayed in pinacoteca, vatican? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
397.png	Is this artwork displayed in cathedral museum, zamora? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
418.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
419.png	Is this artwork displayed in cathedral of san geminiano, modena? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
324.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of landscape? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
325.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
360.png	Is this artwork created by gogh, vincent van? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
361.png	Is this artwork created by altdorfer, albrecht? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
122.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
123.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of illumination? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
284.png	Is this artwork created by gossart, jan? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
285.png	Is this artwork created by stanzione, massimo? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
126.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
127.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of interior? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
376.png	Is this artwork created by gozzoli, benozzo? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
377.png	Is this artwork created by coriolano, cristoforo? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
204.png	Is this artwork created by grebber, pieter de? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
205.png	Is this artwork created by massys, quentin? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
342.png	Is this artwork created by greuze, jean-baptiste? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
343.png	Is this artwork created by landseer, sir edwin henry? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
236.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
237.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of furniture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
82.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
83.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of genre? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
294.png	Is this artwork created by hamen, juan van der? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
295.png	Is this artwork created by starnina, gherardo di jacopo? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
254.png	Is this artwork created by hardouin-mansart, jules? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
255.png	Is this artwork created by kerseboom, friedrich? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
194.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
195.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of sculpture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
142.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of architecture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
143.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
96.png	Is this artwork created by herrera, francisco de, the elder? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
97.png	Is this artwork created by ingres, jean-auguste-dominique? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
308.png	Is this artwork created by herring, john frederick the younger? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
309.png	Is this artwork created by cozens, john robert? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
172.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
173.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
428.png	Is this artwork titled portrait of the merchant georg gisze (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
429.png	Is this artwork titled pair of table candlesticks? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
370.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
371.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of mosaic? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
410.png	Is this artwork titled the artist and his model? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
411.png	Is this artwork titled the lovesick maiden (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
196.png	Is this artwork created by janneck, franz christoph? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
197.png	Is this artwork created by goupil, jules-adolphe? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
98.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
99.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
328.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
329.png	Is this artwork displayed in cathedral of st paul, liège? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
154.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
155.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of furniture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
340.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
341.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of tapestry? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
280.png	Is this artwork created by kucharski, aleksander? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
281.png	Is this artwork created by pourbus, frans the elder? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
168.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
169.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
292.png	Is this artwork titled allegory of the regency? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
293.png	Is this artwork titled breton woman bathing? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
380.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
381.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of illumination? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
100.png	Is this artwork created by lagrenée, jean-jacques? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
101.png	Is this artwork created by scultori, diana? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
432.png	Is this artwork titled a highland landscape? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
433.png	Is this artwork titled a dog and a cat fighting in a kitchen interior? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
78.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of portrait? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
79.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of landscape? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
264.png	Is this artwork created by lemoyne, jean-baptiste ii? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
265.png	Is this artwork created by kneller, sir godfrey? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
416.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
417.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of genre? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
398.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of study? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
399.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of portrait? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
262.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of genre? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
263.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of still-life? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
274.png	Is this artwork created by linard, jacques? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
275.png	Is this artwork created by bonino da campione? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
158.png	Is this artwork titled st john the evangelist resuscitating drusiana? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
159.png	Is this artwork titled la finette? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
86.png	Is this artwork titled marriage of the virgin? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
87.png	Is this artwork titled landscape with river and figures (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
266.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
267.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of glassware? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
296.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
297.png	Is this artwork displayed in san francesco d'assisi, pavia? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
276.png	Is this artwork titled madonna and child (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
277.png	Is this artwork titled view of the south and east walls? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
408.png	Is this artwork titled ukrainian peasant girl? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
409.png	Is this artwork titled virtue crowning merit? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
74.png	Is this artwork displayed in national gallery, london? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
75.png	Is this artwork displayed in notre-dame-la-riche, tours? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
414.png	Is this artwork displayed in the hermitage, st. petersburg? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
415.png	Is this artwork displayed in national gallery of victoria, melbourne? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
422.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
423.png	Is this artwork displayed in cistertian church, zirc? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
218.png	Is this artwork titled christ walking on the water? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
219.png	Is this artwork titled mademoiselle romaine lacaux? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
190.png	Is this artwork displayed in museo correr, venice? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
191.png	Is this artwork displayed in church of brou, bourg-en-bresse? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
188.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
189.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of illumination? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
42.png	Is this artwork titled virgin and child with sts catherine, cecilia, barbara, and ursula? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
43.png	Is this artwork titled sorrow? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
104.png	Is this artwork titled tomb of henry the lion and his wife matilda? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
105.png	Is this artwork titled god the father? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
358.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of landscape? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
359.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
178.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
179.png	Is this artwork displayed in st. vitus's cathedral, prague? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
198.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
199.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
290.png	Is this artwork created by michelangelo buonarroti? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
291.png	Is this artwork created by beuckelaer, joachim? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
386.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of sculpture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
387.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of illumination? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
128.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
129.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of landscape? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
316.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of illumination? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
317.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of furniture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
320.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
321.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
282.png	Is this artwork created by miniaturist, german? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
283.png	Is this artwork created by trinquesse, louis-rolland? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
346.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of still-life? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
347.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
270.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of portrait? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
271.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of interior? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
202.png	Is this artwork displayed in cappella palatina, palermo? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
203.png	Is this artwork displayed in musée des beaux-arts, chambéry? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
228.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
229.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of tapestry? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
330.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
331.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of portrait? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
382.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
383.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of still-life? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
286.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
287.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of graphics? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
148.png	Is this artwork titled prayer before the meal? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
149.png	Is this artwork titled rest in the mountains? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
344.png	Is this artwork created by palma vecchio? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
345.png	Is this artwork created by maris, jacobus hendricus? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
94.png	Is this artwork titled the crucifixion with sts jerome and christopher? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
95.png	Is this artwork titled tomb of michelangelo (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
338.png	Is this artwork created by bartsius, willem? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
339.png	Is this artwork created by oehme, ernst ferdinand? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
406.png	Is this artwork created by pomarancio? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
407.png	Is this artwork created by steen, jan? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
404.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
405.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of study? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
304.png	Is this artwork created by raffaello sanzio? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
305.png	Is this artwork created by simon von taisten? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
118.png	Is this artwork titled lucretia? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
119.png	Is this artwork titled rinaldo abandoning armida (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
368.png	Is this artwork titled holy family? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
369.png	Is this artwork titled friedrich iii, the wise, and johann i, the constant, electors of saxony? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
110.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
111.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of glassware? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
314.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of historical? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
315.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of interior? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
136.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
137.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of graphics? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
288.png	Is this artwork titled vanitas? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
289.png	Is this artwork titled legend of st francis: 18. apparition at arles (detail)? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
354.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
355.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of study? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
66.png	Is this artwork displayed in staatliche museen, berlin? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
67.png	Is this artwork displayed in national museum of religious carvings, valladolid? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
170.png	Is this artwork titled madonna and child? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
171.png	Is this artwork titled the bacino di san marco? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
244.png	Is this artwork displayed in szépmûvészeti múzeum, budapest? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
245.png	Is this artwork displayed in s. eustorgio, milan? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
88.png	Is this artwork displayed in national gallery of art, washington? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
89.png	Is this artwork displayed in abbey church of sainte-foy, conques? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
326.png	Is this artwork displayed in museo del prado, madrid? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
327.png	Is this artwork displayed in state tretyakov gallery, moscow? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
300.png	Is this artwork titled the victory of eucharistic truth over heresy? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
301.png	Is this artwork titled a sunday afternoon on the ile de la grande jatte? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
336.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of landscape? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
337.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of genre? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
250.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
251.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of tapestry? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
436.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
437.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of historical? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
318.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
319.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of landscape? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
332.png	Is this artwork titled madonna and child with a host of musical angels? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
333.png	Is this artwork titled garden in fontenay? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
352.png	Is this artwork created by schinkel, karl friedrich? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
353.png	Is this artwork created by giolfino, bartolomeo? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
92.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
93.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of furniture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
152.png	Is this artwork created by schongauer, martin? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
153.png	Is this artwork created by cassioli, amos? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
390.png	Is this artwork titled madonna degli alberetti? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
391.png	Is this artwork titled peter gillis? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
80.png	Is this artwork created by sebastiano del piombo? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
81.png	Is this artwork created by jacobsz., dirck? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
232.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
233.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of still-life? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
216.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of interior? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
217.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of still-life? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
306.png	Is this artwork titled weir? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
307.png	Is this artwork titled view of the window wall? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
116.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of portrait? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
117.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
420.png	Is this artwork titled madonna and child with the young st john? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
421.png	Is this artwork titled sketch for attila? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
108.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
109.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of still-life? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
356.png	Is this artwork titled the message? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
357.png	Is this artwork titled the descent from the cross? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
156.png	Is this artwork created by tiepolo, giovanni battista? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
157.png	Is this artwork created by kerricx, willem ignatius? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
424.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
425.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of still-life? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
268.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
269.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of architecture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
60.png	Is this artwork created by tintoretto? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
61.png	Is this artwork created by morel, jean-baptiste? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
72.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
73.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of furniture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
378.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
379.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
438.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
439.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
46.png	Is this artwork displayed in musée toulouse-lautrec, albi? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
47.png	Is this artwork displayed in kupferstichkabinett, gotha? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
302.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of genre? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
303.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
248.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
249.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of illumination? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
138.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
139.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of historical? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
144.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
145.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of graphics? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
226.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
227.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of architecture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
84.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
85.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of metalwork? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
252.png	Is this artwork created by unknown master, dutch? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
253.png	Is this artwork created by cuyp, benjamin gerritsz.? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
372.png	Is this artwork displayed in kunsthistorisches museum, vienna? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
373.png	Is this artwork displayed in national museum of art, minsk? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
220.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
221.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of architecture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
182.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
183.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of historical? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
112.png	Is this artwork created by veronese, paolo? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
113.png	Is this artwork created by jeaurat, etienne? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
140.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of sculpture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
141.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of others? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
212.png	Is this artwork titled view of the sala del collegio? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
213.png	Is this artwork titled reine lefebvre and margot? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
192.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
193.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of mosaic? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
134.png	Is this artwork titled the pieterskerk in leiden? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
135.png	Is this artwork titled portrait of cardinal reginald pole? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
48.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
49.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of stained-glass? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
208.png	Is this artwork displayed in art museum, cincinnati? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
209.png	Is this artwork displayed in banca del monte di bologna e ravenna, bologna? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
374.png	Is this artwork created by waldmüller, fedinand georg? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
375.png	Is this artwork created by seeman, enoch? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
278.png	Is this artwork displayed in musée du louvre, paris? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
279.png	Is this artwork displayed in santa catarina, pisa? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
312.png	Is this artwork created by werff, pieter van der? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
313.png	Is this artwork created by domenichini, apollonio? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
70.png	Is this artwork displayed in musée du louvre, paris? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
71.png	Is this artwork displayed in galleria nazionale d'arte moderna e contemporanea, rome? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
272.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
273.png	Is this artwork displayed in museo di san salvi, florence? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
348.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of landscape? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
349.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of study? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
430.png	Is this artwork created by wit, jacob de? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
431.png	Is this artwork created by vittone, bernardo antonio? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
102.png	Is this artwork created by witte, emanuel de? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
103.png	Is this artwork created by bicci di neri? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
230.png	Is this artwork titled view of rome with the tiberand castel sant'angelo? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
231.png	Is this artwork titled st bonaventure enters the franciscan order? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
392.png	Is this artwork created by witz, konrad? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
393.png	Is this artwork created by christus, petrus? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
90.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of mythological? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
91.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of interior? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
426.png	Is this artwork displayed in private collection? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
427.png	Is this artwork displayed in smith college museum of art, northampton? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
120.png	Is this artwork created by zuccarelli, francesco? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
121.png	Is this artwork created by baccanelli, giovanni antonio di giulio? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
150.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
151.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of interior? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
184.png	Is this artwork displayed in villa cornaro, piombino dese? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
185.png	Is this artwork displayed in palais saint-vaast, arras? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
402.png	Is this artwork created by botticelli, sandro? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
403.png	Is this artwork created by vigri, caterina? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
384.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
385.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of tapestry? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
412.png	Is this artwork created by bronzino, agnolo? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
413.png	Is this artwork created by pellegrino da san daniele? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
130.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of graphics? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
131.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of tapestry? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
106.png	Is this artwork titled peasants making merry outside a tavern 'the swan'? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
107.png	Is this artwork titled allegory of quietude? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
434.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of religious? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
435.png	Does this artwork belong to the type of genre? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
132.png	Is this artwork titled letizia ramolino bonaparte? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
133.png	Is this artwork titled job and his daughters? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
238.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
239.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of others? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
214.png	Is this artwork titled reine lefebvre and margot? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
215.png	Is this artwork titled fire in the oil depot at san marcuola? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
260.png	Is this artwork displayed in museu de arte, são paulo? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
261.png	Is this artwork displayed in national széchényi library, budapest? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
180.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
181.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of furniture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
234.png	Is this artwork created by coecke van aelst, pieter? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
235.png	Is this artwork created by abaquesne, masséot? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
322.png	Is this artwork displayed in art museum, saint louis? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
323.png	Is this artwork displayed in museo civico d'arte antica, turin? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
366.png	Is this artwork displayed in galleria nazionale, parma? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
367.png	Is this artwork displayed in hospital de san bernardo, seville? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
164.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
165.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of stained-glass? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
56.png	Is this artwork created by courbet, gustave? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
57.png	Is this artwork created by milani, aureliano? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
362.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
363.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of ceramics? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
146.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of sculpture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
147.png	Does this artwork exist in the form of painting? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
