846.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'classic taste' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
847.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'classic strawberry flavor' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
840.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a delicious dinner' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
841.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'hamburger and chips' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
828.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'sunny weather' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
829.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'cold weather' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
852.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'run very fast' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
853.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'run very slow' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
842.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling happy' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
843.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling bored' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
844.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'work hard together' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
845.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'be filled with intrigue' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
830.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'walking very slowly' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
831.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'runing very slowly' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
854.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very proud' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
855.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very thankful' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
826.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'creative people' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
827.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'leading people' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
858.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a beautiful garden' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
859.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a beautiful campus' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
850.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a difficult work' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
851.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a easy work' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
838.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a small amount' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
839.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'difficult and dangerous' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
824.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling frustrated' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
825.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling relaxed' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
822.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'waiting for a long time' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
823.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'sleeping for a long time' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
832.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very powerful' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
833.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'to be fragile throughout the world' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
848.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'all talk and no action' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	no
849.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'hands-on practice' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
836.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'delicious fruit' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
837.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'banana' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
856.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very unforgettable' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
857.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very happy' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	yes
834.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'get along well' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
835.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'for own self-interest' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
820.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'rank first' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	yes	yes
821.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'to add the finishing touches' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	no	no
